docs(dev): update "getting started" section to use correct information (#369)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/development/getting-started/faq.md

  - Improve our documentation, fix bugs, or add features by [submitting a pull request](https://github.com/pluralsight/tva/pulls).
- **Star the repo**. The quickest way to help us get a win is by clicking that "star" button in Github!

## Why doesn't your headless-styles library export components?

Since the first concept of a component framework (Polymer), components have swept the frontend industry introducing us to such libraries as React, Vue, and Svelte. Even Angular joined the club! However, this concept quickly changed the UI libraries we have known to be frontend vendor specific (MUI - React, React Bootstrap, etc.). This movement has been great in helping us understand components and provide a great experience to users with the frameworks we have chosen to use.

However, in the past couple of years, we have realized that just because we _can_ create component libraries...doesn't necessarily mean we _need_ to. This school of thought has brought us into the "headless" era where we can provide the maximum flexibility to consumers without sacrificing the control for them.

> To put simply, in order to give our users the most flexibility so they can have whatever starting point or tech stack they would like, going "headless" is the answer. Having a vanilla Javascript library (headless-styles) will always scale better than a vendor specific library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To put it simply, in order to give our users the most flexibility so they can have whatever starting point or tech stack they would like, going "headless" is the answer. Having a plain Javascript library (headless-styles) will always scale better than a vendor-specific library.
```
